---
title: "Bibliophilia"
layout: post
date: 2018-10-17 03:23
tag:
- personal,
projects: true
description: "A curated list of things that I've read, and some that I recommened."
---
In a world where we overschedule our days and complain constantly about being too busy; we keep up with hundreds of acquaintances but rarely see our best friends; we bombard ourselves with video clips and emails and instant messages; we even interrupt our interruptions.

Books are uniquely suited to helping us change our relationship to the rhythms and habits of daily life in this world of endless connectivity. We can’t interrupt them; we can only interrupt ourselves while reading them. They speak to us, thoughtfully, one at a time. They demand our attention. And they demand that we briefly put aside our own beliefs and prejudices and listen to someone else’s. You can rant against a book, scribble in the margin, or even chuck it out the window. Still, you won’t change the words on the page.

We all ask each other a lot of questions: “How did you sleep?” “Where did you go on your holidays?” But there’s one question I think we should ask of one another a lot more often, and that is: “What are you reading?”

When we ask one another that, we sometimes discover the ways we are similar; sometimes the ways that we are different. “What are you reading?” isn’t a simple question when asked with genuine curiosity; it’s really a way of finding out, **“Who are you now and who are you becoming?”**

---

Here you can find a curated list of books that I've read, and some that I highly recommened.

You can find all posts [here](http://blog.raghavbhasin.in/tagged/myBooks).

---

## On The Blog
1. [The Seven Spiritual Laws Of Success - Deepak Chopra](https://blog.raghavbhasin.in/post/173922213059/7laws)

## Books I Recommend
1. Zero to One - Peter Thiel
2. Shoe Dog - Phil Knight
3. Rich Dad Poor Dad - Robert Kiyosaki
4. The 5 Second Rule - Mel Robbins
5. Peak Performance - Brad Stulberg and Steve Magness
6. Advancing Your Photography - Marc Silber
7. The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck* - Mark Manson
8. Make Your Own Bed -  Admiral William H. McRaven
9. Think and Grow Rich - Napolean Hill
10. Crushing It - Gary Vaynerchuk
11. I Do What I Do - Raghuram Rajan
12. Real Artists Don't Starve - Jeff Coins
13. Dual Momentum Investing - Gary Antonacci
14. Measure What Matters - John Doerr
15. Product Leadership - Richard Banfield
16. The H Factor of Personality - Lee Ashton
17. The Communication Book - Mikael Krogerus & Roman Tschaeppeler